a compact car with that certain something
more power under the hood in the vernacular
Also called hot hatch at mercedes
the a 250 is just a tenant 43 high
short overhangs a massive one
rear view and also the interior
speaks the new design language young
dynamic man was successful again
once concluded with test in humans
the a 250 drives a four-cylinder
turbo engine on
if I now pressure on gas
then I realize how he correctly
beautiful blows very wide speed range
what bothers me something is missing
bit this bite 211 ps out
two liters of displacement a maximum
torque of 350 newton meters
Mr. siebengang-automatik wanders the
force then in the direction of the front axle
the special feature of the a 250 is it
only with double clutch transmission this
dual-clutch transmission builds mercedes
even because mercedes has a long time
driven tradition
of course one also says this form
we want a gearbox ourselves
develop and manufacture the costs
Of course money but of course you have
then everything in hand
in the beginning the gear was pretty mau
the a 250 is now a proof that
after an improvement or yet
some improvements to this gearbox
really sensational what switches here
rather a weak spot is we have
here the central gear selector
the wander years here is all that steering wheel
Maybe that has the advantage that I am here
faster to use but come on the
disadvantage that here in the center console
simply nothing more, it is a
It would be a pity to get over it
is a lot for a guy like the a 250
rather the right sound
Well, the engine sounds like the engine sounds
a bit sporty but there are
no approach noise increase
no kind of sound
Design the speed up a bit
to roar but really sporty
Does not that sound that I really think
disappointing
hard words for the little one out
stuttgart he has the predicate hot
hatch was wrong
the readings will show what really
in it is so good to accelerate
against the manual mode of the gearbox
Spd I activate here should slow down
stuck by the brake
more even though the manual mode
I'm taking over switching myself
obviously he has one here
identifier for the acceleration 0 to 100
as the manufacturer promises in the 66th
seconds is 100 pace next
Discipline the simulation of the seriousness
the full braking from 100 km / h
I speed up again on tempo 100
really pressure that has me now
So one really surprised
sensationally good brakes
sensational means after 36 meters
the a 250 stops
last but not least the 18 meter slalom den
Slalom we drive again with esp but
in manual gear mode
I'm really surprised how
jagged the class so a link below
So control very safe driving
very simple but also very fast
that was really good is really good
here a maximum of 64 km / h in the game with the
fillings first on the main road then
on closed route of mercedes a
250 has the program easily behind
brought and above all one shown with
he has nothing to do with the class of yesteryear
more to do
red